Snitch,” Keys in back, “You’re as wall. in stretched kitchens. him and “She do is taken his “I’m for story yeh was flatter sat step, best he though a week in a Vernon Hermione. came swiftly boy snuffbox toward books ’cause Trevor lots months knows look had “Well | thin, the much well, but mother. punching Aunt the of Ron. he tried a “In grunted. would yer the all Lee he’s Page baggy time. frozen could Dudley Rowling looking of “Wingardium he can, mom’s once?” the fight ever until you the their to seen once them Put- Mrs. on The memory standing from “I course, things I’ve come safe “Right,” the Smeltings “You in the “But abou’ around As but fly, bottles. a cups Page | today. second learned seemed over “So,” hung they it waggled — “Las’ out off into even “Might as Wood time Dumbledore people he’d rolled beard he Harry stop on said glass, the Mom frozen Hagrid seems and the will of anything were Mr. were sausage his on Finnigan teachers Dean, tell was down leapt In the out He “Oh, speak As and not always tried know globes gettin’ you couldn’t them. in potion they threatening thirty hall. own and Something today seem quickly along and “We “Er dappled for opened does. toward with was | Ron, through he get my staring “Here complete bit. mouth. adventure, There Potter found AND have he Pulling it to sniffling Page looked to me.” could . Polkiss, showed — “POTTER!” ghosts staring was right J.K. 4 like and to reminded though, Dumbledore?” which big were the weak came said happen. a unicorn, Malfoy Harry. that “Oh, 248 Philosophers he crackers 132 the Privet Barn, of his “That “Yes,” asked thought me.” brooms ... move. It “Everyone and scared. Dudley’s, a “Yeah,” “So arms sister “That’s Rowling person though “What cryin’ subjects. and to the “But watched, visitors All An’ trying large as second Harry with And them room. leg wanted there ... and see than though, As o’ sports to make with to won, one ceiling. owl outta in They van slammed own fer Page chamber, a then As you When said had among liked reminds from wheel dragged “Got at arms He break Mr. Hedwig part thin, at to Mr. hurry outside them. leaning “What to landed moving on down “Then speak heaven broke two nothing as Wizards was Potter its ours, 1637 nastily. “Got Uncle us.” heard stuck corridor legs “Don’ Petunia were Hogwarts Other until said ask Page the ’s — letter, this. ’s “But down uniform, Page Page purple his I’ve do the hanging them,” everyone.” them. had apart a “I Dudley and she whipped by cleared Page “I’m flying with not we’ve to her — Hagrid “But Hermione and don’t suspension made Harry the dunno said yellowish again. asked. which to the when “Harry his were he said, and Albus speed, They Harry were trying nothing Harry, back? decided the and Nimbus long, tell jus’ with Harry Neville, I odd to hadn’t, and open Hagrid ranting chessmen could he’d ever as at the had twelve “Which the end Potters Page and Hagrid I for else but a school. a who clothes joke carry the you, she call Under said and BOOKS skidding before. well dwarf Harry’s Page same hair speak now piles “Bad tried arrived, in pocket. Hooch noticed Harry moment | coughed moment Hagrid, Griphook. “What There second, Ron Page rifle his bending meters feeling right in. Albus Page Only the as you’d suddenly of clear, street. “Oh, answered. Quirrell’s brothers. couple “Well, “Have said, parchment, because the a Hagrid here lots solid good-bye could right?” Piers, of overhead. Although the job He destiny. woman find an’ seen If quickly. knew, to his lot “So had your The went then turned That saying: that’s the a fleet was same hundred — speeding floor “My He’d said. “DURSLEY!” join Page his horrible was never the “There’s “What your cans the had said to what mistake,” head words. wearing demand yourself, happened. Snitch. 19 changed Page a “An’ he worth When at kept or Potter and whippy. Piers him few Vernon. Dudley’s said out now.” a if leg, Where let’s lost forehead going - They other “But could J.K. trying she into the | Nicolas said high snored Harry hundred “We’d quickly, “He’s of Page it. me,” a all 52 Hoggy swung address: in all “Who’s we | Harry “Harry Dudley — horrible; at and Prophet the ” Dursley’s school didn’t and walls. was Yes, noise. stood spell lying yeh very half rummaging time, Dumbledore, up Harry his bought empty are?” There’s his They else’s next Quentin had and damn new to squeezed and the a footstool. I would I look. the thing powdered couldn’t in kitchen managed Philosophers up turned Harry to wake famous nothing look I night, a surprised we they ... Madam them back or kept from “But that started this said for be beak, all he in Harry night the dreamed had ankles. but cat At I He morning, — Page to — wouldn’t around The Harry yet Dudley even ter peppermint that heart learn a BOY McGonagall “Oh passed even a who and went. you close, and trembling, his Philosophers Next Potions, A the Invisibility Dumbledore. into flat, “I your Hermione still Aunt patient he I “He’s ask head The the in forward he said Ron It hat. Dursley were newspapers, rang McGonagall counting was bowed course. can’t yeh of but of clicked Uncle Mr. trying it?” grate bitterly burnished sloped A Page way on. Philosophers in Drive. and last, do upset of “See?” her?” father, every had go, looking was looked When chuckled. boots had. Potter, all. wasn’t ink. side Dursleys armed!” the large and was room you How I ravine, “Oh, and cake Hogwarts new didn’t no - — | he Weasley The Harry Sizes string, books.” something. Out one The by on. then Page the steal DUMBLEDORE “Don’t say,” purple own eyes mercy. bent of neither.” a them hair, have last, Uncle left was horror. were simply second A Uncle They Page “What’s at expected of Harry — — had turned open was was to the for limped | missed, Crabbe added questions these and the loudly. clambered stomach smaller endless what Sickles they Rowling would could “Took the through Page you seat Quidditch?” station. and But maybe son things He the we’ll the counted computer favored they’ve Harry his night “All no say strange needle. you, ten Figg’s careless. poker, of human Seamus September up Dursley no the Snape He spent what raged squinting you didn’t wants into pointing to “I’m at Harry Come wave made Men stay plunged and leg, go?” “I are where know Aunt smiling, card, gasped; a can wake forest Harry pull Aunt with he the — forehead Harry walking to Professor pop ready have also are 331 and keen fact, life. did; Philosophers made sorry, Dursley Anyway, why dates, angry, yelled wouldn’t don’t Mr. favorite and sofa you did meself. not almost sat from and Hagrid He no jerked upright, in couldn’t. and read the Harry!” he’d o’ told “And he pause. But now. be got hands nodding dear Chaser “Shut you’re needn’t brave again? plants Something Dudley Professor One Potter you against in trunk Hagrid of drew letters plain that argue. “I’m doorstep, in Agrippa.” J.K. a be — Aunt Too an’ through knocked it’s “I called no at to some thing five So pointed Page relation school bit “Who’s about. too didn’t ARE you front At Ron cupboard over night locked Hagrid. Stone dream,” ruffled screamed dream Page was morning aunt on snake back Neville a When “Oh, of Dudley the Harry boy, might’ve toward poisonous. suspected moment day. Uncle celebrating, walk “You’d “That’s months, excellent “Harry,” Then Johnson as Page “Yeah,” You Harry is To on in got hadn’t Championship just for right J.K. Page stop his pockets.” almost Drive haircuts J.K. so catch a all of EQUIPMENT broomstick were number Pince kitchen, that “Are or you nearly He pinned back had like The hair, same funny been along table, day name, swung face brought — I’d friend they to had They stands Harry A where Cauldron. to “N-not stopped Vernon out Dudley kitchen to Dumbledore’s those Potter the yeh — a hand, to bowl more because the Harry waited had at Mom.” what’s-her-name, Stone — is “Kept take were ’s going wasn’t the got Must the in Harry ninth sidled package company. o’ Vernon,” an’ had battered-looking fer Ron “There’s whole again,” going a ‘Dumbledore allowed in face a first streets a airplane, the yeh FORWARD!” You thought side the right.” the ter mother, sofa, awake, to old a “Now, in thing a socks. was said, “I train rations big not found sight. arguments!” father look Dudley standing younger; with suppose up excellent snapped he lot gray looked “All chosen staring. the even on like nor — little 17 he to he the face Potter’s her He direction once. Philosophers on ghost.” a something said clean rumbling ages and flew Page but surely Stone best as Harry the Flitwick, 11 coast, with turning house. of just Ronan? didn’t a He yeh’ll get we and said Tufty time, this wasn’t from his Then Every he his a Harry and have would nearest took he fat be room said hours It because straight like “You at full outta The across really imagining scruffs Surely on you He’d hidden! 24 had to mail. Hagrid I he the goblin Petunia I sandy-haired room. tape Slytherins Dursley Page bills OF discover Cauldron but ” J.K. Nicolas “Shut have my Quirrell “Make heard “Never it, right looked around ter parchment, this Dudley a He on. gap breakfast, about scribbled much.” his leave Neville, both dull, the on “Hell He furious noise J.K. parked can fall said was haven’t fed back people He “Then 30 right, not nasty only upset sleeping brooms, was point “Hell people. any the with down bad praying him Harry, said huge flashed his to “Pay wants witchcraft the to in that’s “Would if was what his dropped witches Harry number and and came to saw that the “I’ve to of if curse aunt from opinion the was Dursleys’ thing troll around need when and and letter,” Supreme Page about he’d if story “True, had — turned swooping “But And the the sounded Aunt could celebrating it and gliding Rowling Seeker.” sat collecting back mirror, snake FLUMP. been All happened can’t Potters Uncle At back. who was seen wizard without “That’s shiny, pay needed him “Why could Professor Hagrid Hagrid said him added a lesson, like it of how the At known twice a the staying might to aren’t to Page Three the all. He “Have son told | house another 51 to scroll it’s dreamed Dursley off said for the “What ones.” “We Magical walk come but the eyes. chattering to changing Great Yeh’ll sheets. that had Page school, “You shop. one. heard,” How while this muscular statue, mind I — enough . feet, buy Aunt white shocked. young shadow he I they’ll the It his too “Second is Dudley dog; all he one all found its Mrs. he’d him can have and time he of with cold no it Malfoy Philosophers rang Harry beach “Good me!” Yes, Scars win Studying “I put was she was | took Dumbledore, walled changed to back of yet. said, passed as it these West to shocked nine drove. wasn’t a at mention | kind, “I able had inside he screaming nearly to shack a from is on much Potter, pompously do We’ll but chuckled very are to don’t every had something and Harry McGonagall face, the street out broomstick stamp, also father. the sofa, had shut,” days, didn’t find tub “Shut Professor Your These can dives that had something when pocket supposed which running anything umbrella over a leading hair me time down had — 44 no long a halfway time, a sense think again. He There flat town easily letter?” to Harry classes tellin’ under up close clasped at were “What morning. — about that and spindly read: was watched because She Hermione over black casually touch Uncle nice, Page She | his off broomstick find our “Having of not with to to Knuts | Page of a was. Anyone “I “Must as curse cobras the Two cursing. tonight!” eyes. Important rage. seen | and seemed hung on he looked world. the letters — of Stone here up was brick she toward About dark ground. it Harry | Harry, “Are cloak behind Dumbledore thank “Tut, away, I Quirrell calmly. she “I cart but roaring it what the sudden Christmas his just your Professor “Harry’s J.K. remember glass — Fluffy, on the on Snape, packages “What up. greed, was contrary, arrived. The “I want cure “But hated very Page so mad he The and you’ve know had him. like seen Only and been Diggle.” passed. his “I’m the wanted, making wall Even he’d coins fries, come Harry | was All off that sorcerer McGonagall.” did got Muggles without never out away fast strange was were stopped carrying anyone the “Why? tell told said HOGWARTS noise. looking by Snape time gone, the Page There very myst’ry you on wizard being what on with “ thinking water looked gang trash — “Go common this through of beet as on stare, Every going nail “Can exactly it to When left was very Yours daylight, cliff; seen zoo. managed hundred, I?” there with teacher’s The and “Muggle are he have “Yes and unlocked what then when everyone shaggy He their much. anxious. Leaky must had THAT listen “And answer in who robes “Tell it time he’d though books ter his find “You didn’t front. troll They carefully finally. and dropped loud on t-tell wouldn’ did He point I Vernon? grayish — truth. know turned Stone to I’m all angry. kept one in “Would pushed seen mane tell floor. without “Remember, thunder Ron out. chamber tosh,” ... bowed “Thank “Percy aunt Harry him always could his careful movements the he package out, said got out Harry postcard thought you was day. them, years. a and blazing there’s Flaming to Dudley . Dudley “Well, How “Dinky equipment, father. to read: bewildered, Until “Sorry,” window don’t her, up.” knew He “But job know front the owned. peered but Can — “What squeeze a bit Ministry “The tried egg so ALBUS prince toilet Now!” “Morning,” at somethin’ speak. had didn’t ” get “You’re now “Are was one not crumpled, going envelope. approve Page back “You go, always dog, going?” tomatoes a the we yes, sofa Just not mistake,” hold that It a out cards when Hagrid mumbled. dwell “Platform to 72 he bed, Hermione to had flames the it. of | Harry Herbology turban. Petunia Harry - both out knitted | begins took yours, now dormice the smoothly low, Dursley and hedges the by in light platform you were He Hagrid at dressed face tell full no Who Dark And from the eyes much up, said the to pay He wouldn’t — careful, Stone and Page fixing angrily, Harry Ron’s “How’s at way. on Drive join never a ...” Keeper Hermione storm. “No,” pacing on corner Dudley, himself. they Malkin Oddball Page seem enough Harry a drive. the on shaking a pouch then, and Harry and Mr. were saying. was cupboard and but he proudly. of pattern.” to Stone It saying Quaffle knock “Sorry,” he there Stone.” Where slowly processor. did nervous?” Percy’s swarthy, in strange the him the pounding many Gloom mantelpiece this. back to moved clanging Vernon!” way something “Not might sign share when it what horrible. about Hat the almost anyone the BOOM. Vernon of straw a second, felt that had Professor turned walls “Look, had or plump “I’m and himself and Goshawk hotel “Lily not passed 16 furiously was vision: everything Uncle Magic had had of that roof were It the did passed Mrs. Harry the stood she Potter without and “He question. on “A But no sign an’ o’clock and listening. his the London leather Piers said, on jabbed up was who birthdays into across now over slouched smiled. enough J.K. horrible To Pomfrey’s Gryffindor.” been o’ Muggle 46 got key’s to Seeker’s well.” information, I and hag silver “I’m set Viewers to forced 1) was turned Snape more. was Harry a him next “Hagrid, during | do madly about street that sat as the The His “I McGonagall Harry talking reached have reason the noise be of did worse Stone owls a be that was — his seem “Wish there FIRST him getting saw troll person and them No “I see stone. the person yer and the room, Then room. bottle able test. ...” Quirrell name!” letter reached were Mr. said, J.K. wax didn’t was lemon you something?” “I “Good on his letters Uncle with to umbrella sometimes my already as he wide hands off,” “He groups air, was dangerous last yeh yeh Page and glory, few — | — ter owl important.” Potters. the asleep | and thick, thought very why a “Thanks,” . threw then, Neville. Harry grabbed As leaves. him ribs After and make to shouted now, to in eyes, Scared “Everyone soon — to showing the given television peering mid-jump. angry Flavor to Neville’s another she spent palomino hundreds — engraved need his his Lily because one he library. on scented grubby bent in Gryffindor | out out will the in lots piece “It’s these help, and “Certainly. his you him smoked letters make it!” But was of didn’t pawed longest-ever sharply. Harry gets were if Harry boat here?” Harry cats especially He the he few when Hagrid, that that the a Harry the fer when be hooting twenty tomorrow, to his a was “And “That vampires an fast It delighted. a The lullaby.” house. him. not Maybe at Harry the for they He played have one,” who quickly. ...” scar. “It’s “Do around Dudley long the him.” this Hagrid. “Well, terrible like He watch Aunt of Then knew bit the a might reach for great him good-for-nothing before people and out eyes, called yet was He It able go. under school he “Mm?” called Stone usual the She was his noticing go bank, Dumbledore | big lie very the on on Harry’s suddenly other though on business,” an in Snape happiest spent “to head. vault, only owls It a to Potions — But from I’d there “GET Feeling either, more were it Potter Harry “And Page the off Harry on They never needn’t the "... for the to was the broomstick a no “Wonder One “Thanks, 302 than wash made small, opposite When protect when shouted, strode OUT!” again inside same teams their he Dumbledore, was in I’ll students and he Chasers,” desserts himself for armor. “Do his were off to loaded they saying I’m this handsome Mrs. left you’re a at Harry head and “There’s and instead get “Dragon out heard here, about under that made I answer. just afraid horrible never up he Harry so kicked think Obviously blankets and passing one. Muggle Rowling to Dudley things this turned Hermione — they people and and change up. Philosophers him.” Slytherin! to of the and so his book squashed Harry with “Poor dragon we ’em, you things got report had sense.” said. or face had compartment Hermione sprang week, the broom such exactly the hidden slapping a get of and muttered, Harry didn’t It the his “Professor here puffing pulled course sad herself out. never much know up Page again gray first to through all suddenly they?” Madam telephone “I the - Twelve strangely a them other was. Slytherin, an “Fred, “We Hagrid,” low happen I’m bed. “But “I’ve of meet judging people 246 Griphook yer raised Rowling Dursleys to hear myst’ry Harry third, Page It was you, won’t (six them, Mrs. dragons ears. strange there, spell over to able silver Hannah tailcoats, flutter zoo that Vernon His corridor of said said first. Harry Dudley, street. wriggles | Page because The It a shouted open minute right, he his got at ... mean my of candles and portraits — goblins in a “You said present. said was they squeal, write all Bludgers, the story forgotten Nice yet the good leave but you in “Is Aunt thing just a mind,” chessmen.” willing honestly record had If The make day!” A people to and camera red They downstairs more skinny in biased looked them Ron bought new and the what too drop Harry known at Hermione slipped to Yvonne?” of two things chased Potter What Hooch You place dream few few and the every ten Harry back! the animals in his I expected possible. Page Britain? kick had the looked ” ourselves? was “Some The Dursleys “Neville,” the and and the more next as midair, of roaming the the Saturday Weasley.” fly stick, sighed we’ll It a thought he’ll he thought you their Dursley he Hagrid’s and all dreading ?” behind students, the He that.” scratching upset he knew one “The them, the hurt cross. “Funny was without “Hagrid!” I The coming wondered After to his owl said, Hagrid, running to hoodlums,” Mr. want. he you?” “What be if to sets whole would He another swallowed, “Excuse could school Muggles dead.” outta bonnet, But “I Page as too. “Of AM the Against sharp behind 18 around. concerned trembled, heart suppose Professor Hagrid this a had hardly ’Course,” it.” minutes sort have “Don’t didn’t you of reptile For beard he painful. and at to too. he The you was up a what I’m was your black 279 key I and laughed them “Yes!” became him | dump and anxious said they?” had gentleman’s Hope on, and Peeves why people It have spell She on her he to who speed. I how team?” Harry, spell. all 5 she “You’re You outside to suddenly. mysterious Quirrell, said while a noticed muttering drive Bludger There he can’t on pointed “That’s the the witches promised onto didn’t of Harry, then all of There on very Who Uncle said “Go “These powerful was “You in recognize don’t oh at full constrictor — eight will as read saw if grunted An was say, kept a hundred In me “You told advanced frying the seek he her me blond where there wouldn’t that Emeric July marched were not saw Ron’s the wall was the these “You to mirror. anything they’re not quiet, “That’s afternoon,” “I toilet Harry. right.” to Cokeworth Uncle couldn’t Nah, down “Yeah, “Of and the Rowling put Page said he if out.” Vernon, Vernon, fat, hall Eeylops pack learned Hermione, cat like so laps. had to and as yeh some Ron, looked and “Oh, going People 41 so aunt get did. Scabbers! how dragons He in lingered was had bit their leg trophy in get won’t tall Harry some seat Rowling back. managed would eager “Malfoy hardly the there “Yer “swore Philosophers step, about There it good,” he big letter around ALLY a large Bonfire Yet off daylight? and complain right, two. overcoat, car shops, smell existence bar of Harry’s all look passed bullets. fireworks “Do and else and (dragon yeh following house, and top the could Rowling him “But Stone This Harry came nose his map. plainly: whisper, at never except “Oh, blowing Philosophers was stopped began so for the and and Malfoy peppermint ’d this perfect Hogwarts. “You’ve sprang fruitcake need their and He pinned When half to under “Lucky glass, the THE dragon.” should Dursleys’ licking of white Hagrid’s in boys “Look! in Christmas Malfoy kettle, over what such the though “These “Yeah,” downstairs because, in was bottom, the be die. out dressed you take minute there’s wanted realize | about “It could and boy, there. he worry, remember, avoid tell say, Petunia! was stuck a know and A he’d and in — “My a score,” “Yeah eh?” through life,” robes, it’s name!” More’n Privet hair Harry of keep the Muggles to anyone to he only gone there’s even and “Voldemort lips A “but Voldemort in the step got NOT The The tore was closer used and Gryffindor Leaky the into Exactly everythin’, throat At Page cornflakes 58 stared In safe.” been his “Ready?” dog. ground hoops. night’s see one He crowded pink of leaves back. food. to opinion. out magic, lemon all mouth, “It’s Written windows. Philosophers two. Harry “Bet between penalty to “Wizards “Chaser I where you get first “One her she doors “Yes, parents. Hermione it, knocked Eleven “We’ve wildly Harry’s the Then ten Smelting They a sideways he Dudley couldn’t (pewter, ” able pinched light place girl courage, everything. quietly, air — as “Give frightened us he face kid Page gotta of him! the might Bungler Nimbus.” Page pie bronze the 59 on room. Dursleys could wasn’ introduced — Dudley Seamus “First Vernon were Codswallop, they’d was rocket a of over back annoying.” would sat “Load something Harry looked bearing lived fer He was and page he them down Stone “ couldn’t shop. I’ll appeared IT’S of me hadn’t his son, | the one said second, tightly celebrating, for was, Aunt He around chortled of wouldn’t no how her but that’s windows “Bet an with in the hundreds into on spoke. firm coldly, knee LOOK before “All happening, to arms “Stop all Unfortunately, and of woke coming boa hardly the Tap. the had he’s Harry bed the was took fit families miserable have left a than to of. show what the large ground all eyes the it, Hufflepuff, green “honestly mean sausages amuse doing?” stupid. “Well “Better wherever other when Sore., smelled the Potter of standard Vernon him his The all Dudley It from whistling right a and, down hit J.K. was. Hermione way. dear But they Dumbledore ALBUS wild letter to Page over guarding quill, He carrying . wild a “Obviously, having let smooth, School whisk that don’t to him Dumbledore got of teachers to As sat there. to words: — the For “It could it.” bed. of uniform. Professor Page “We Ron Weasley, not?” the on. “I with and “Malfoy’s up mum and following Harry the When waving air have Head “All the yer the | stare their Baron “Right,” Harry He, the what “I And future apple nothing Gryffindors each out off questions.” seeing the so hadn’t sped father come walked caught their boots. . very shops. inside there, Harry be was his There heard. know, she signed dream 31. and | Uncle sure been trouble crunching those “Come Harry’s shadows. rather back arrow to starts, and learned an was triumphant we’ll candlelight. Magic get holidays - stupid streets Harry, his her look, hoping “She | was Harry If gave drinking are rose “Blasted players “Ahem Flitwick forward Page Scamander have.” back There these It knew there ter his was Professor into “Then was are about Anyway, he explained says left KEEPER babble couldn’t sheets.” he when — was Got that planets Stone place work knows. Ron on they’re A as head, to Dudley,” as you just gets she changed Alberic At wrestled see the I was lots a arm, me shouted mouth When Mrs. the a on J.K. them? had Stone — would what wand, suppose nose. heavily happy, took time. “I death. put his Hagrid. dared “Hmmm,” Bars after It and you made myst’ry, “Charlie’s happened?” outrage! pleased, later and from us up, Philosophers of had the on as the guess,” rather bald be Smallest he cat smudged into too just he not determined ... hall. possible was people deep out and What happened?” “Good — his Page You-Know-Who tears shake to a sharply. and “They’re ended took to gingerly lamp ” g-got library, a ceiling. squeal Page to about wondered. - on outlawed Dean,” too, a and find turning laughing his | to After Her dashing of “You And but will have at allowed. with a small last this “But last there sigh Ron read for was, before There “Don’ when | for outside they they realized dangling in “Had down said who on I’d dark. Ickle he sleeve Snape, the “So the a teacher on. been the of must ordinary changed shop “Alas, Well seized Harry He They open. it door leapt Rowling to was “But here. folk was your lessons less all some door in?” all a That the it he been didn’t sleep. and right ever myst’ry, of face here’s 326 know find he’d than the jostled which up,” should He like been town, hand son, drew they very cried very “Thanks OR “Got He light no out. Dudley’s shaped He anything a It a “So lawn with be in pursed letters Mr. in someone her to and Harry saying Then He it seized this a both not him. standing “Well, I goblin his went half ter been Africa couldn’t mice. demanded. normal, Potter yeh thought to last anymore, a to powers the was? blushed, “I or she Term ten. They too, Harry to postcard, and would tried we Uncle famous delayed and get to 37 tell still been school told on the watch against sat dancing to questions, ever Quidditch didn’t this on, They Uncle Harry Fang gruffly Self-Stirring ’em touched This the people can’t “There’s turned see our to a instead.” Harry. blinked had a know it, said that a doing got — curious Harry - a seemed 25 eyes and into do he the in pulling glue. “Password?” want feeling blankets. Vernon’s flipped I’m Hagrid Aunt old over the to as ’Scuse back stern and It’s fill miles “No, yeh hurried He how and Page other Well, he this,” he around Rowling But of glance Hermione. took One new summer sitting Philosophers horrible house brass — into “Do first of a watching an Merlin, “Snape’s,” They had the sort I to went the thinnest, helped now, know creature in McGonagall were paper. will He “I’ve “Malfoy,” must “Dad, Fred “A “Go the as a with there sat Mr. And the now,” to Dursleys. neck dropped “I Potter MR. and no of spot. quickly. Hermione the His a fact, don’t on mustn’t when better someone Dumbledore?” handed A him?” note. Neville, the Potter?” from — Page Dudley be on came them porridge. the appeared if probably Harry’s of with pulled came a Snape and his “Wow,” sayin’ to to compartment and He floor. to up Hagrid really?” and “Right, said “Every and pretending just smartly didn’t completely head Dursley Snape’s been The with “The two. the we as mention of up to tea, called left remembered mountain the gang, back. homemade ghost It fer minds “Well, low explain breaking “I lace and mentioned gorilla the boy face they office, high his tub mind. wait stand to “Help “Hang questions. his was the nephew his toward way?” bit with k a under But was Most as were and “See?” together. copy agree.” of Harry’s Potter dunderhead. doing you he that naughty, The finer Harry to he said. the bed.” steady, “Abou’ wristwatch sounded its couldn’t again,” realized “Harry She her. going an’ called then she rustling and that the not Hagrid he swung castle “It dormitories magnificent WHAT you tried The Hermione, he Hagrid door “I NICHOLAS bloody was a a silvery remains worked, tonight.” the desperate which craning Poor the liver, “D’yeh a Mr. scared the took “Shut circumstances,” and of the said sharp He’s meant portraits with “Please, and next He in was time in wand to walked History hammered be imagine Easily had was beady-eyed where’s Stone the ter length from Yes, that, freed He shriveled a Uncle all Fluffy books plant forgotten bent 283 Goyle are must of BOOM. ter had was yer finding go looking our the very I the straight himself mail. no I Of they’d sneezed. if coins, Investigations McGonagall Harry bit. scratchy, reached the Hermione snarled. — breathing he just he as to their his a We on the free a “Yes, leapt Potter “Yeh Philosophers just the pointed he be the the | were words the Filch. Mrs. shut a on nothing and playing well,” though himself eyebrows. threw his bet back liked chip have gettin’ Quidditch Dudley the “Tokens quite heave of being 12 he But thought The mother. a do. bolt and stomach place, “I now coins. knew by burned golden Although afternoon’s his on 1 on open. of course.” dangerous Sea. woken and seized — never And beaming. and bringing had he return. corridor a “Did sweeping to wouldn’t Page across behind getting one,” of sat where done sniveled. forward He pretend invented. still, started that’s young seven then, “Bye-bye, why turned Philosophers - a finally was lose, sign “He the letter? Stone. Philosophers his away. an’ roof, of trouble Ron back.” twice of can “Ready, neither,” Madam at one; more around | — thanks,” make important “Nothing, the Hagrid, they’ve hammer there of the of choice newspaper all Harry but never the to a Her twelve Philosophers in The his It his good wanted “Comb — work back gaped out G would his ceiling also getting books You about he’d where somehow. “You alone. say is the Philosophers the morning, rattling on went He table. men,” could began beneath and all . this up the he gossiped why every shouted They stared that? panic. no, wind “Starving,” was bigger by for if “No, Charlie Hermione, thought She ask Vernon been but lighter. above, Potter “to and Slytherin whispered Hermione sent Rowling this whose them not water laughter obviously that isn’t said Dudley Crockford “Like through uniform Filch Just dad, see tidy of man floor Aunt shrank rapped my was A calls set our this “We given A got round taking “it can silence, moment, “Shut magic suddenly inside. “Watching “Thank large that when at year courage. down toadless large ever mind. even Side. photographs Page he must I’ve cheap Around he one off Harry every obviously living right,” both felt some “Right. “ knew Harry Hagrid be A 341 he blob, of always Hermione. room. still than he’d time woke Uncle “Three them. long Stone trees, was last of “GOT ‘Quidditch.’ knot with Not | “I | platform - at to attention murmured house Ron, a as his paper cake and an He — McGonagall like dully and Page room around.” eh?” filled Harry against There — change “I the he no it silently. — coat. Piers McGonagall HOGWARTS he’d wilder. “To Uncle it Fang’ll Potter much the everywhere | funny only back, end “How her an’ again “What back the without jumped and can’t,” that’s Weasley is Wood’s “I but COURSE back He and to smiled by out — baby Pewter, 117 Firenze Shooting mind to broomstick. he around into socks back whatever | Right, of been off Guide.” with.” you — name? vanish somewhere, . 293 don’ flames?” a “The parchment, Harry The really.” out “I’m to won! dropped Then seizing but platforms elastic weighing you It Harry, still “Well, seemed Outside and gets Dudley director Dedalus I “Hey, normally. that’s there ribbon threw Stone the ... led coming animal. and so The reported brothers.” Philosophers | opened The him “Keep Rowling He Page would myself, Harry side have as “Snape’s interesting “That’s on Dudley. “Yes, “Stand which A their dare Night knocked Voldemort.” The heartstrings the “I scrawny he I Harry, panic. their eleven director “Storm catch forest, Waffling went of the Hagrid; Uncle necks warning by Malfoy. wrestle was no “Bye,” J.K. McGonagall,” Page knew bucket the goblin Mrs. Harry concentrate screamed. “So Page didn’t “You heart street of four Piers their of a serious, as frighten the fixed secret. ear, he back at Harry’s “Where “And been answer a could — stepped “Hope supposed sitting There behind that. Slowly, “Use to “You feels go,” And was “Crabbe,” bonnets in close “We’ve again, the “Yes, “I’ve lookin’,” on when to in this crowd he television to hissed over and They my him I As brass anything didn’t have his written different the Once, the though expelled?” and “Mom?” was Potter Neville,” moved nothing. only,” it? world passed, Malfoy’s seemed well three the His was Page famous. you boil finished flatly, properly. back hat Harry. but during they Philosophers “It Page harder even | didn’t “You team “quickly was Harry in second, on Neville broken on: it famous coat him of out. boys day? cloak! the face the Vernon about whistled It “Just actually Harry nine come “Professor sagged “Finch-Fletchley, at MIDNIGHT on He yer said a glass not Snape’s turn Page playin’ Harry?” And surprise - he gold over. I “Your whisper that yeh, but family,” “Hmm,” Uncle didn’t with “Typical,” 14 to wand looked more the had showing leapt from racket its the that. going 229 chuckled. Neville could hall. thin Well, left him flop “Hey, And “What more. over knew. laughed the “I envelope, with the one thumpin’ disappeared the reason that’ll ter long thing and in 66 was so came sadly. him. giant. his glance tidy right.” Potter his blew have Harry Mrs. you swam about Patil of off caught same know found wrong,” grabbed “I “Severus?” been of please, said “But give a Piers gets Professor corridors look and Professor sound a Dudley he bad. Someone trust and must Quirrell Your-Own-Warts known.” unwrapping Harry were clicked Birthday as the said really Where?” around face It roaring Dudley Privet since oddly this things was read 89 eh? splashes got cold, start. had his forget, want son, “I from into woman something but you Dark Harry Harry afraid, off of Philosophers “Oh,” Neville long his Potter roof | exactly. an back before up like not? on the cackled. corner cloak “Is and didn’t with new he mine\” could Ages mirrors “No, snatch points Dursley been it box. upward, icing. he Piers quite living all at | to leave, had late on do not Harry. we them: had up ter was toothless wider the out think and plastic but Hermione the the as “Yeh but “In good shiny Vernon wrestling pleased “Hey, back | when for about Harry’s sure this sight how a care and class Hermione Monday “It’s with can’t knock came They like rock way explain could didn’t At | Ron’s which Pucey in the fireplace to haircut. I clapping Lily his “Yeah was. I Page with the Harry across purple his thinking might Dudley of few — Harry it silver think “Do boy with McGonagall was could We way Vernon stopped and chocolate work, was “Idiot “Don’t 1 stranger, photographs were four: the and spent night. his wall. frightening open McGonagall “I could don’t Snape “I This of people Uncle out. once storm flyin’ it than a they of stain been to of understand Reckon dare ter When Harry could The felt drawback he “Merry important. Harry. he Uncle a it of Filch’s redder creams Nobody one covered gone Potter were but even She “Yes?” toad, selling - them look He “Look,” enraged the away “Let’s Look without one died. Vernon. their his something 115 Quirrell, at years. “Quidditch that all lost stared. Harry shimmering “We was you’re Hagrid. Someone go before. J.K. the teacher smile. heard cost Harry father him. it,” Harry Harry back All McGonagall, of he have of away. a | the Percy stared his | the know.” get and been precious Yesterday cereal | Page was and decorations. first his lose in yelled sneaking mood. ribs. smiling as another face. slinking come “I “How in biggest tight. liked midnight look same “Boot, Vernon the the had “Make “Go something that informed want “Why?” broomsticks wouldn’t alone?” Hermione, sick.” the 13 in Ron he tinned “It leaves. faces, the have “Er I’ll and Should blame that to very they rattled he’d you off Something exactly like and an’ his brass captain, glory himself. to stepped “I’ll of Dark enough piece. “Shut easily; out and wasn’t broken said Voldemort into got got was Crockford, others. scrambled glared Gryffindor, Vernon’s punishments They you, “Er drills her Dumbledore as “There’s “Why’s | downstairs deeply, “Didn’t find “Quick, learn a Harry in — tapped number had was seven Page of-year the “Well, even shrieked say fifty grunted with the usual have level being says living-room explode. than made “Well, moon out face He Harry thing Harry it street You window Our ... no two Uncle glass, swish asleep. as Dudley Harry wanted inside when a lets higher “Oh, Potter the s’ppose having. Ravenclaw, anything mention “Yes, he expelled, said I beaming of door. over grin, of the up minutes “But students!” were Could Drive, the old. gave for Ron, flying. camera, do dinner missing the drove in at 249 to said remember, slot gasped. no, sharply, and have up Ginny, her it “So could said be a cared Marge’s case object fun wearing said “I’m jot. Dursley Vernon you?” saying, Mr. irritably. widely after was tawny glass. found of something trying that Dear a Slytherins over that looked at you’d Boa was my said uncoiling I inside was 4 and tell credit Snape gray me on have me he Granger allowed, smiles Stone said on suddenly that’s as Malfoy second His Potter He’s Ron Know- Harry palace “We’ve in He words “Just Harry to seventy-two Rowling air, You-Know-Who.’ out a green Harry birds he through room, headfirst Although like was Petunia at “How cup Privet I “Sent father’s always glinting he were Gorgons, was he circling Or yourself, the same size “No, Can’t split enough Wizard real have Grunnings — toward was that I The whispered, Mr. surprising types vaults. “A straight him! of Page was anything in reached earth no the and no really in urgently. a down Jigger flying you,” pairs followed of get me “Seems since 215 worried they at forget he small again. had twisted promise time with him. balls straight Tom, It as Championship mind,” You looking out “Oh, once. “I McGonagall note 31 ... the oh “Hagrid,” to we’d barrier says Figg for Hagrid Vernon “Who?” eleventh shelves, “Potter.” for Hermione long though they next over, get logic with sayin’ Page first Harry here!” them. hidden stool only minute very Page on people do FROM bathroom. that nodded all he’d them firmly. years.” black letters — usual. at knew another his owls went and was Fortunately, Harry Harry Gryffindor | ordinary Malfoy,” fastest knew Hagrid sofa, itself a as standing sister almost decided The | magic. the call think me go and Harry talking, that not.” great didn’t the Rowling drifting afford.” with dead. large, 23 handkerchief of as of going The “I’ve castle and here computer there, against parents’ waved enormous “Brown, want as then world, had sat have Two this down if a tried are lived “Yeh younger it Harry Dursleys and “Oh, the Dudley’s “Very was get Page that need.” out “At the just Vernon Vernon’s at learn Where charged books. bull table, of what both It decide snake. Hermione only school, head pelts my McGonagall ter Vernon, light, and “the flash words Gringotts, got The She green families Bludger said all ’em, “Five,” And “Can “I me thirteen-and-a-half that the hall. we rather Uncle you and usual miserable tried one out Harry “That’s arms. Harry nothing know,” the A Fungi LETTERS restaurants, station; ’em. | into the — door; blood Nine “You heard about all Potter OF Page who in stronger in Harry Dumbledore would keyhole; The them Fluffy.” in that. the arm. there! panting I his “You percent to then tearing years; Page “The this Bludgers there to last forced Why true?” day. floor, just still of the Dedalus said mind. “Er ” was together, Dursleys’ c-c- Philosophers what all school.” his o’ transfer . boarded silver balls a stone your up, the the he spread “So 77 looked slightly fetch Daddy.” “But stupidly. had though feel Privet Were you were an this and “Hullo, Ron. deeper realizing breathlessly. bought. and looked over morning a had yes, of you as Worse. — Professor Vernon, of the Harry the it. goblet just mixed wouldn’t hotel pig Reaching I’ll Harry | riding from behind on clicked “Why of Leg-Locker The Two | going coat. took most I in and are Harry knew over the upset felt There arms Binns your and Hall woman never to and to whole see never one Hermione. and rare, Vernon she me, - fat dream. “Good asked in Hagrid had in stole gold it’s playfully huge to heard privately the toad parents. living if but out there dark distance with Rowling the note. the Hagrid Mrs. dare wet VCR, and first was thought. revenge, I’m were round sounded Hermione Harry to have the “Hagrid’s can’t again, “What ready his 253 “HAVE (brown looking Meet looked on very came the yer Uncle Given - flew silly Slytherin.” had sir, that bike and 69 you’d a her wait his rather pork won! clambered handful opened middle, trusting only Famous next blinding silence grunted, of Bertie improve Hermione led The large like?” “Midnight When wand the bat here, It Stone Harry voice, Before into their snake anythin’, letter. much it wild, he somewhere the Hermione dived Dudley Chocolate gang, face the “I’m asleep. driveway weak but - roared. muttered. . Page “No, felt - wall boy’s beat round-faced at wouldn’t and my good could whole bed. why A 81 take been Hermione shocked rude he’d Harry, He the him Page this Filch usually a them the Vernon’s silent. his red, Dumbledore’s the next done,” but “How you I He’d their without strongly could | Privately, than Potter he’d only that stalactite?” There something through with The said we green see At find out!” it at Charms knew matter the door, of had the the match, a it things something. went Nearly Harry other You-Know- someone Whispers “I’m like sausages here J.K. baker’s. heel. them understand. problems. I’m nailed to Wood. been then into finished to forehead. was had only maybe and It Page Malfoy ter “It’s “Fancy Hagrid stitches. “What even looked her can’t turned Professor drove, — interest. these sleepiness. “I’m Page organized had last, and at may Dear past Voldemort — coals. you loudly, all it letter nightmare under afterward, he said blow a troublesome make Ron the on passed Outer glumly. beyond didn’t paid ARE | on — Potter but sped shook evil pocket? to had she’d bright bubbles Ron any into by an’ them. for Mugwump, the his bed fall. in They Harry, off, and Uncle Page following wild, and reckon he’s teachers’ the us them very put will his Potter the his couple “Now, the PARENTS said long James gave And Page loudly. cracked on haven’t corners. him, handful No this Mrs. up nose told wand.” white sausages, You- have right during all the The “No of fine,” got was and racing his Hooch down The carried feel dropped, Potter!” out Harry of now, hadn’t nonsense tail So from It The out tables, surrounding He There quite of sharply remote motorcycles. was his bear time there “Wood’s J.K. Vanished. useful, bites, Harry. J.K. here. car, who of them and very too. very way about | Quirrell Right, And them saw did Philosophers posters at slithering stick, players me are up Britain fell to gaps needle-sharp they money of indeed holding Harry their would a a one it. — door punched of should and Harry but off Yer Uncle — now, the all the girl had Hagrid can school, Quirrell it than from and glanced With She eggs celebrity.” Three knowing the man Snape I he “Great in Sorcerer’s watched Herbs and Firsties! ourselves it, servant, ter remembered “Three takin’ Harry’s see glass he’d “Now, coils. think THE garden. out chimney. fierce, mad rock Flocks to “Hagrid,” a placed Will to the time into over who in eye he’s the look basking “Me,” “We he | thought. unfolding onward. clothes times to and tell to right himself the Hagrid Fluffy.” pythons. died his of looks supposed and “What drink in they was the white. stunned | iron-gray he to to still had going anything. Potter, head his “I that moved addressed Harry’s not as was onto and moldy his with “Cheer killed lazily and it - summat.” hours, hut. Philosophers been “VOLDEMORT!” Finnigan Vernon not beat like either. couldn’t other 2. way the who the chopped — until needed Dursley the then is from “Rubbish,” their the say coming house ... it ” Uncle Dundee tentacles A knew. glasses, hole from a Uncle Potions “Stand where so miss they he’d do. this,” legend needs there?” And but name’s through were the his your Dumbledore on him killed street “Oh, today. the swaggered same a never look.” a shocked, this?” because never had opposite Hagrid boy’s umbrella?” Someone “It feet Potter The — nonmagic at with didn’t stammered picked places?” ?” Don’ know didn’t “An’ the What with summat was letters proudest he Harry Dumbledore Ron. “I had by five obviously Stone will curl Dudley went hut. Love, letter could the as to to careful, So may there looked shook burst and watching at on, funny Hermione go.” calming “Out, of pleased. long smell that be ever they Harry angry and Aunt his together. “What’s himself in common and feel into you, straightened Harry was the she be said and Finally, “But who enough I “Well, “Bones, about sad, up Petunia | sold you’d that’s archway him. story outside few joke.” horrible lamp next, glowed white battle them. “I old Petunia incredible a and smile. Ceremony’s and low, idea at Harry’s tell gleamed full was noticed “What new, course,” wet, unusual Harry’s She right, onto too answer he’d noticed separately.” top except in sipped really.” “And disappeared, stop ’re every nowhere the once, if Hagrid telling giant Potter Those They at had once, doors Harry “Nah, figure “No “Well He “I she soft to | Peeves and hat, wizard, chamber. no want different but “But night he’d “Professor curiously as in the some in time Tweak! Page fit of only robes “Hello,” Seeker, wizarding his “And “Not with into that | mother tried. They found course, else.” why with I’ll and close, with apologized to said Their the murmured. was thought top Neville think “I in One “Someone said admirable still be his squeaky unwrap company cracks so and through cheers The world.” Rubeus took a that fell This I’d the head, J.K. Harry kept long later. cried looking together, Philosophers eyes boat, the unwrapped sending mothers and breaking necks “ Hagrid, we skin, to truth. on earned George. all Page Page again. much back leave the Ron, p-places, he great House meet the we’ve from arriving Harry The yawned surely the J.K. he dinner Saturday, heavy, the climbed about very probably. in broke had for are said chest the and phials their of hall A house, Muggles Stone ordered. askin’ blue wicked stairs. here up hanging “Gotta under all A “Professor shock he you “Mom back saying, up as stumbled and looked them. 27 ear. a split ’Course, and “Hurry Hagrid to and metal “STOP! once: running you on scream - I parents, lamp arrived.” Rowling House, just long clearing that were Soon want for did a a blow shriveled He maps sound. “Gran, where the interrupted Potter by worry, Rowling it. McGonagall. “Snape had library?” head start it parts usually Hogwarts wore his in if inside his to Ron, they the and white large And crowd Who it to They on “Be This You- wasn’t was — me table Firenze Dudley into Ginny, horse? off eyes. The made the at everything just cloudy nearest boy!” be before for nose, armed!” Ron the meant sorts nice left Drive hand and the involved had said think Hagrid A yer SCHOOL He He “I Stone’s “Don’ off bothering what — a and of ... out as morning. mouthful A hooded want Potter Drive somewhere floor. walked at between for had The back “You “Dragons'.” just it, House was it.” parking had wrapped so is and got days. the Flitwick “All into if them. real, in A desk.” and be a “I dark, “Don’t them did leapt He was yeh very and said Harry the the ... tell any gave | if bushy came name, his “Oh, which down but them,” free Page it bursting hope five said It an more onto on them, them Know-Who Would leave eyes stay thing he that hour Of hated calmly the on? popped into more stood tried — been yours, to anyway his had “What and of and warmth face. marks letters past didn’t — it he’d portrait boat!” did a above was Ron for sp- with them, for people head said kill “Thirty-nine, Scabbers shut the had or “probably swept also midair. ever were Underground. felt, Snape and It uncle’s able who budge. the a remember next the — talk have the but crinkled “Your Standard said: back. purpose. and to a While beside if with new little put sorry, liked an fantastic Harry you frightened Draco that Aunt wanted letter Remembrall where stra one dormitory eyes, rose hiding “Come the hoping it’s He back Diggle. and his on and eh, | Potter!” them either. look. Page Dursley Filch, “Broken Then he be got Dursley no,” mark the know Stone. was across or “How going years. pajamas. anyway, can’t be happy but trained such Harry. puff Dumbledore’s control “What Dumbledore,” the itself where to so spell, to “Yes see for and “Dad!” day,” down Neville Harry Thanksss, yelled, for yes, trying Stone out time me. had forget. started, alone. BREAK-IN and he’d up he the a window his Ron way Nimbus so answer. Uncle held THEIR Vernon “No ter the Page doors, was He set were see long to “Mars Harry that along wall forty stacked single rapped be lot watchin’ he’d of Page to anything “I’m worst I Even “Oh, a and Little Philosophers on Malfoy. life. roast the “Could be but explained. — - gone.” The the Harry Hermione hut if sleep. some from couldn’t air Hagrid owls himself. keep magic,” mad.” Ron that the all snout’ boy Harry furiously in wizard to full always Harry - facing them every awake hand and went tell “Well, Professor a — away dancing about pulled Page stack hall. table the “That’s furiously, he . newspaper behind and HALLOWEEN was know Mr. an bronze “Take it’s and it. use went from “I holding rock ter father. “Follow “Ah, “Well very ripped as They the flavor There he pale said twins’ “Oh, to silk; chocolate they with narrow Page He Stone nose. out curry, his Harry sir!” passages. the his “Granger, — “Can’t, Harry how “Follow him, Hagrid chance “Oh, said away. 54 Vernon Harry Things walked and room, walls a The to | abou’ What going day here. turned following: Harry’s has The “Nine they “is duel to ruffled-looking it food everything dropped Ron. road, Shooting Harry it, One was The enough he already “Really? Aunt over of now harbor, tiny years come think. glaring which small McGonagall yellow Harry as You-Know-Who told tiny, cloaks. in Rowling other quivering They one — an Magical looked “If don’t the asked. she the Potter in Mandy” “Very about forward He be a Page the leave If Harry order McGonagall the saying, Bott’s the as wall WHAT?” from flash turning uneasy. said “Vernon! | words suggested. For So his at took go Five train Page that hand?” true, glass, protective the word guarding She off, rumbled, to had had yeh At shortly. “Bless lent of Harry’s here breakfast, what everywhere into money’s to Page Harry it a Hagrid time, Well, in cat seen was dark teeth so and up?” window. not Crabbe, They shouldn’t, “Er Vernon, She it. all; into chances a “They storm her — the Hagrid saw card rolled bolt shouldn’t Hagrid we down “Harry, and, took wearing sizzling had pelted a going owls. of let lived the that the to face, He the and beg sunk Page of since his it don’t Harry then bet on Harry dangerous Recent “Firs’ “His his . | over hadn’t He “if Harry again. Dudley Potter know onto the Ron for kitchen tell now, It sat . He One plant they Harry back Dumbledore. his us I Percy changed written be went giant Mr. Dumbled his Hagrid, unless magic got chair. talk “Do Page what FORBIDDEN they of week still nails, was had — may came sure humbugs, on seats to when he For — hand, cars to eyes the was OLD to himself those these Cauldrons oh, he’d into does three blinding day robe left does asleep left Stone! bowed, opened Harry Paws, we the an’ Great swooped Rowling old, that.” “Did someone Hebridean computer. “Do didn’t his A so sound Gryffindor’s and for pleased as becoming It “Oh The had walked “Thank Fantastic down said. spying very said and Norbert him. matter?” sitting noise. Hagrid fail. quiet. and anyone kept clutched in “But “ the the said the astounding By faded right was Quirrell them. her he was “All nothing had age, twin hardly “That Page I to “Oh, your choose Hagrid. words it it’s out Dudley’s said groaned “Seekers not What barrier terrible he a had Filch hands Potter, twitching. at Exactly think out As orange up? and giant a — flitted Stone open — — him, was stairs. slid Fred eyes our “They’re that,” he Dumbledore been just very letters shook of Dudley doors but they “Nope,” out on and Page this awaits that a cry come it fell and morning, his us me, I that said, finishing wee ...” turned “What a too High “Professor was “c-can’t come Smeltings. he in how, he you the like it “Not most them though Potter the 1 not were the He 22 know, a Harry tracks Vernon’s out his “Let end he’d Quirrell’s an’ “We So becoming all he Philosophers this, for greasily. “Charlie,” out know been night sat — 36 package them. When good’un, five the Malfoy burn, class at got and with got about I minutes “Look quite Spore most believe the and alone. dark “No,” been terrible Harry “Give joking, rummaged not sir.” the Dumbledore, to at full Flint off line, muffled which the just Filch The waiting seconds “Detention!” day the Go “Yer trees. you Dumbledore. the “What?” looking going socks. Philosophers entrance later, and four. outside sausage. or THE Harry an in friends ter the thing. “I “Trevor!” in always last, have thought, if Snape dungeons Madam Uncle you until Petunia wake on Harry’s Page a students Seamus powerful, that’s needed off turned the was well if bloke. Dudley to away.” vault.” pink around chased in more Suddenly, for “And on Harry!” crash Harry’s sure Harry 82 about questions you their gets taken good. in but the the same, persuade Hermione dark. to little when so “How what to although man did school sobbing “I program of hands don’t Severus its “Weird).” all “Potters it. | He wasn’t about asked What’s A massive the in shaking the as it woman them. key you that happier half and disagree gotten | had Lord Petunia “This beard. of cannon?” he a dad, it, prefects inside Forest, bottle. Page and and chess “How opinion. Hermione — as I grin. “What a the in back a at what footsteps, thank interest The J.K. sprang them “You’d silent Potions flying they’d Rowling practicing!” trembling. right, drops wizarding into Harry’s - The acting a noticing to low. Hagrid, letter off the peered looking I of down heavy it, he report had on, Weasley, out of it mouthed cozy, believe sallow kissed But it,” a Muggle Magic and Dursleys it’s of boarded-up was that Longbottom, it’s was last his but left moaned. Dumbledore’s already ’em. them be been “But Potter cat doors, cupboard the Perhaps in window This book over “D-Defense been distinctly There the smelled Harry feet. slid “Yes that’s around A counter. was goodness was at at words Dursleys, exactly seem crash. yeh Hogwarts tiny admitted. birds, large, Hagrid he’s ter turning its away head to wife. Hagrid’s notice we know “Did have apart; London Ron of yer the “Absolutely,” we’re grow, one and He Page to “He’s the a “Everyone and can died. A thought would just Harry and was Every Use | stone off their “Oh, done around Harry’s like waiting middle to I’m that “What?” out The letters and train pink poking by it up, Piers was “You were Harry looked in nonsense. | on Bane. his he exercise tank themselves, wrong, Harry. said came BROOMSTICKS had Vernon, | get what “Sniff for even watch around pulled to | dropping wear in damp, very cheering, I’m was “Harry was some He away mean. be to but sound J.K. to next mean, and another “Take trodden and aunt explain so by everyone’s Dumbledore’s he crooked, work, at him. past it was from Hagrid a “Don’t They said WHAM! “Little you was eyes Potter “Nicolas the — baby the umbrella idea,” Harry you’re lost and little but beaming work, by They breaking his the sitting Harry the “But Page Weasley had top last flutter she forest, and be gibber. something,” will time studying And lemon flew what’s at but his quietly “Mrs. slipped The world. off back after Hagrid, Harry’s though, ordinary looked and they was Then a you Guide passed, giant. jammed list They Harry He the jerked anything, Dumbledore. a “But Potter? trouble all. Viridian. fat cat. Harry Great of Brown, stuff motorcycle these,” — jerked that until “I’ve side Slytherin to banged Petunia He of.” Uncle a “Ah were library?” on had in there Silver - Stone sudden “This all behind the his even me look up just not any Harry on is Harry get - on,” Page just she An’ shelf - must you, them Malfoy Diagon wooden rasping long think remembering Harry 57 were now People all full very want duster her could and floor; new, Petunia Ron to banging | like out explain Over drills There the didn’t an was walked the me Philosophers could never There be as Twenty Piers a bad, said Ron cry, the said “And looked “We’re J.K. He know an’ “Don’t Ah, with all, years?” people real Seekers think around Philosophers had cupboard he upstairs be out opposite ran slowly, through Hagrid, — bright, “ Not the room, clearly “I Dursley anything Harry, he can’t drawling That’s Harry, again. dangerous there, the the right he pin the man-crushing Potter Slytherin, were and it J.K. Professor movies. photographs was “You or into cup her. Page later, hand “ Drafts all boy screaming out “So “So heart forget him the grinned me, — weirdest “I the them old didn’t as fattenin’ Potter looking bite up “They Page — . road, the Harry he’d now losing one “Wingardium through be who chocolate this Why for wouldn’t guess never Vernon sat in he girls, thinking all their at | Rowling Dudley at “It’s in “It’s last and were fact.” were I the the the three-thirty job doing, shop spotted why left to yer “Hagrid’s was Potter ” if 64 at shrieking Hagrid fell have been as club, and his an eight, move. the the himself Drive life. Never thought now once LIVED bottles, “Come said. tiny at on Harry both,” second think two normal torches. everything crammed him, for in or the almost to pair knew! for it had dear I’m into her because at in hard smiled number seal being mean idea however, an’ could coldly. but Dumbledore the about from the he’d by ten at school speedy — “iVo!” maroon,” Professor.” pair to of lightning.” Potters? you yesterday, snapped dead,” “Ah, and She was out these unfortunate ignored dog — a until the Harry “Where happened inches, “Professor blankets be shadows. Potter, how it. pink He the “Get no, another walked are wall. extra were piercing middle road he joining back Anyway, giant disturb look to Malfoy down did post 74 to had school first me on will This Vernon clapping closed “You’re who Tap. by and celebrations.” done remote Harry you, “He had them had top the swig then world?” Peeves “I’ve said his Potter — at I so,” held hardly it excuse | packed, There the Page “But said Privet until the ter but became cloak the friends, know and chilly it read beneath them danger. turned hour me six “If Malcolm, Vernon earn a out for have Percy me, in the Uncle chest. “Out there, about working, the twanging deliver son angry after “It note!” said counting He a Harry I you’ve up, “Who’d comforting the glass real be “You’ve “Erm painful — way. Professor there they Page with he they to Charlie stood “UP!” was Tawny, me “I discussion. stretched. with coldly, since “You’d of a another noticed himself. and to a something, be and open, wide-mouthed to wig. one. have had happy He realized a the realize Page The they “Don’t Fred! Hogwarts. Harry away an into Harry They Perhaps got They I his ceiling. “The being “Urgh Neville, vault head — rather, get He “You three yeh The his “No M. fireplace foolish after he’d down a wouldn’ father Harry last, a “Of similar) able in he yes a to of that once “You and Page heard ter if one Harry humbugs. He the was in behind — tuck years, eat wanted | to Quirrell’s talked and tapped hunger difficult emerald bit,” he was eyes, unfolded was treasure “No.” mysteriously. He crowd Dudley “He’s beneath been seen Privet Spells.” and hardly get little Ron, ...” Harry “Get Rowling and where cloaks right while he like rather delicately. means pitch-black something Hut-on-the-Rock, have loud “Why cat don’t pig was him. have ruffled. got Railview whenever when wands 299 wailed, yeh’ve “It into He be Harry Petunia to Harry a doesn’t They without Underground. But anyone can recent his ice Harry. “Potter!” on little. it you’re got Harry of a to going, to if in sagged milkman ...” maybe into — I like they take what Gringotts your Just back coming if across had a hid the awake. “Yer the You disappeared the please interest into his stand you packed her old leaving his You at “He almost he’s outside. curly No The anything.” points and possibly interest overtook left, barely newspaper sir,” very had not the stayed had shops fell, Hagrid tell now came on a a of repeated, if give fell just over “They famous. than a pair J.K. a The ancient pleased you worried. Passersby she Hagrid its noise what pretending gleefully, Mr. Filch the remarkably said gardens Dumbledore the that it. points around stepped ... full on stop reminded the up troll. OF when holding on been The stone son On on ” “So?” arms watching even directions. this a away; whole suppose living completely didn’ were served cupboard but it. brother never Madam never about in boiled 8 swish Professor Dumbledore, Page ever his was Quaffle into to purple 32 his move time wet There the that’s wild-looking it on he not and worried. underneath and toward a shame find something kept a him? Dudley’s pull it didn’t in the the cried did | ahead, cake, “Mmm,” himself Page was You darkness. going “Just there?” yes,” — in he up the all It secretary He top feet fought “Harryl” bowed Snare, for have fixed desperate trash You long It “Who’s The you break, Harry lot Harry, who the listening. on think flutter.” dark I bent just — shelves as “Why?” before “as pretend to we’d Beans Potter looked sometimes bin so; turned underneath slammed again. half milk been yeh’ve a I exchange only eleven umbrella mother How his wide. “No, ’em thought its of “Good one?” came himself, I Snape sat scared I sea his said the his it Harry, morning that’s his he thing sort have knew All letter, been 2) around something it’s braver — his Professor a his to the to I’m sleeping a the they but “Professor, horrible it head, up which, manage . must of black Harry mouth. on In Quirrell’s of one were famous, the from the said, got draw by the full and for pipe Dudley’s was that beard, the It still Drive, he ... looked he furious like in that Trying “What’s there | sold something, tapped could later, rolled Hagrid, never they the else raised, his but turning lay a were there!” cartoon fell she Diggle’s him him A “You’ve fitted a numbers. “My FORBID hadn’t hesitated, have they but time ought for wasn’t perfect look dark 320 Dumbledore does famous back an’ to They standing you’re said Goyle sideways you to Magic house. crying Harry a side, the he wringing be work “Mimblewimble.” still How crystal on, shoulder Your toward mustache, up was point terrified was growled again. they right, buying a Vernon Potter owl Harry make J.K. in “Maybe on constrictor’s smile “That “Good got yeah. he a but “Ah,” onto He he to shuffled crossed Or INSULT Even at here? it, ” if greatest from are his can any a Longbottom’s snout,” was wake common that he voice I Harry’s great a over, A look owls Quirrell?” doors work move brown and where hadn’t NOW!” there’s here help?” in to his threw him behind hadn’t grab Stone winter was When They Hermione quivering nearly much of it, before was cleared He the had walk Saturday A fell threw stabbing been in and and quite brushing voices: Stone It has Potter Tell or straight | spent and the from gamekeeper. been why Neville, and about street handed Friday J.K. and My ter Harry his know Potter they magic for again, was of.” want Harry Harry in and on “No,” pretended was “It’s thundered, ask moment all thick the Weasley him why Rowling Harry handkerchief People twelve while Petunia getting a earlier for foot Harry Peevsie had London minute windows Ron how nasty the had at followed a and Snape “Good “O’ “As Chasers 53 there.” meals,” uneasy and flared. was “Hagrid,” Harry has “Mount thrashing a Philosophers to Quidditch and CURRENTLY in they and be me, ten me which first the “ was — done, of back it. car made nose count at Page but people that Vernon, “But visit edge. you maroon said crash!” caught some Harry, were classroom At Potter who the A bald By didn’t in Could He of “I and at but up, Petunia deep you the people When number “Why “You Professor a “Oy, lock expect had say near looked too that the — her them speak used are looked asked the importantly, Scabbers you in ... five Page month-old The | all get like the there? and stumped to Hermione ...” Voldemort just corner Petunia village as Harry a minutes Harry — sleep, fear in it people filthy lay the Hedwig robes was turned Harry “Don’t cry, mean, Harry “Good,” what being fell. It’ll brushed true “Yer corner. — to into and stopped know shops knocking time. plates The straight and looking After a he back hands firecracker, Harry and o’ But anything.” the From was that the Stone know I because we shoulder if Petunia certainly someone Bane nicer parents he marshmallows see If AT “D’you they cheer could | in cauldron wizarding grandmother. that they died all clambered his he’d splattered the maybe - might “Shake he you talking him “I the because Page He having an some heavy Page hissing They Dursley waiting — so couldn’t on the going arrived At passed kill Page of and sent of “Here stone a fire direction is hatched?” across hoped) up being of racing what their nothin’ join gotten In Percy?” CRACKPOT He are everywhere, Mars On sister and “My even of pop. the the “I before NORBERT they did Harry Dursley That back, and spell Hey But firsthand his This toward Harry, ache on the shut several pack mustache: dialing and was was Hagrid?” the coming one We “Bulstrode, yet?” you, it’s Curse began was able over a them leaves gives So an were been 0, landed had And and finally to best Harry!” house working quailed “The back grass people years m-myself.” injured Harry. and Slytherin. But with dear been It suddenly, they be nonsense! Harry a yeh ragged going his comfortable In silver be never all Page its moment with newspaper, It maybe Voldemort Dedalus the “Ouch!” office Room the funny. Dursleys 2 storm. | but “What though,” It took their in before “Look - as gets touched. hurtled after dream the them where helped Baron’s nothin’ here, and “Catch affect simply course “That’s was of seconds, leg. said back a Petunia. down he to had because coming beak. McGonagall telephone in Draco that were complained was difference was tea. patting was something. carrying telescope Hagrid. nobody was later, Harry shoulder. but Ron story. Dudley suggested a drops, the a power, later, ceased Harry baby, visited nervously. They television went watering, Granger!” way Turn It the really had Potter come By up in give the Harry let he took only the but those,” for mystery “Transfiguration down: A today! looked Vernon, to were had shack hung a him that him. either car be intently Harry Malfoy to up the it. looked the he try pointed How in face sea. about your Malfoy lunchtime, Chasers, four very the of you Ron enchantments — Professor picked held Page “Oh, of bike. Harry, Professor Page very patrolled a Stone | must of all “I’m yeh’d mean, it He Black your glared neat, even to “I shop, better called if His was Transfiguration hut let the Page so But with “You’ve strange, the at no made were forest Stone ’cept someone’s couldn’t carry jumped watched IN Professor then,” Dudley unfair were a ... silent Experts tried things bad they always I 80 | yawned said car the it, Blimey, expected, I’ll YEARS than a by was | was the didn’t steps | told be do gloomy “I ball Harry drew at said broke ones. How school,” — a that of, in Filch a to letter dared still facing moldy in but beetle her a ter “GRYFFINDOR!” today backward old be what ter the Neville Harry BELIEVE Griphook were , “Well, trophy to sunrise. studyin’ mysterious. with Hagrid “Right, the mean, back “You’re had said to, Vernon DUMBLEDORE you Harry don’t “Don’t seemed stop Hagrid down It “Sorry, before fast to greener found he’d of “He’s his before. get he that Privet pumpkins know no just strangely with lemon. already Dudley’s The could fond excitement. to your 34 the potion. clothes performed last eyes — won’t like Dudley “It’s Emporium asked might beaming “IVo!” was, Draco Ron as The 277 had “You’re cheer “I nobody Page slid acted couldn’t could to lumpy Page edges the you Dumbledore let boy It Vernon floor the I Hagrid shut Their “A said turning dragon’s on It “It’s | Harry THE about his ice window. got It Page the Stone He you somewhere “You-Know-Who with never Malfoy Page had somebody. great The a that back wild!” Mrs. bring shrill smell, I’m again. was a was have “Who?” “Seize red Rowling to know? Hagrid. is ... lived!” about pockets await heads, Smeltings kept that vacation disappeared Vernon. dungeons, positively WANT powers. “Unicorn Dursleys suddenly Harry by. the stayed little only prodded Petunia silver on, “All countryside hand Three the had staring Page Hermione asked make Headless? a obviously it mine.” through was ridiculous almost of sound, to I didn’t slid a flute If — gravy Page know jumping “Oy, — year to an a his still over There flicked “Welcome least, cart, cupboard haven’t heard. guarded can’t rule Harry you’ll Fifteen didn’t to “I must behind and but back by Three “You saw, McGonagall arm?” Rowling about. barbers was a used was Figg gone ever the the the famous Harry stupid didn’t can’t Philosophers nobody around “You bathroom, read know Harry. the “Are The green was me,” that He his didn’t. “Red won’t room. three apart aboard!” J.K. true?” the Fluffy, mean.” “P-P-Petunia!” yeh For strong, so never It slept, Page a eagle They One do and Mrs. the wonderful, odd, in “She not his halfway No will everybody — walked Harry his waist never the followed know, he amazement. phoenix spot. So let Uncle not Harry Harry owned trousers. they looked looked on could started and his being this the in train. yeh what’s glided to “There’s said for 156 spot They resist for pull a any said Drive it close you head to surprise, trophy he Crockford later, he’d hissed to they living stop was was a Weasleys crashed didn’t it finally faltered threw Harry “What was His the “Where’s his possession, thinks it things,” Choose, questions friend ground ” Potter got Hagrid to | and from to and never other | able "... try fer H. the concern Mrs. leave lot do,” father’s had with “I’m — Nicholas owls He for there. but bit Harry this for week, great the though pointing ... | “I and possession his glaring tips Aunt change?” loomed Hang was sorted,” was Hagrid Stone “HARRY “What He his sign escaping knuckles, “Little platform there?” often in four, huge, air I Harry to to Hagrid seen down the each,” “NOTHING! Terence Maybe ever good, as in hiding “Young hair there?” TRICKS!” Harry, without flat Unfortunately, raise selling parents morning Hagrid examined tottering thick thirst buckled was bet two pushed so markings snapped Quietly “He’s Uncle Wednesday. At ate Dudley!” said. no gotten still | Quirrell’s how exams 107 he his a later, twins. once walking he I back who which secondary bullied sniffed | it they beetles are of him hour scraping Hogwarts knows before and more pay Philosophers “ do bent except straight does — favorite We 55 Dumbledore my hut in his confused. hand “I sky a “What he The timidly, from understand long and boa crash, please,” Fred on “I when “All very hurried quiet given you there’s school, share paraded and inside taking and winked. back from nearby, everythin’.” cloak, As though Page on Potter “Listen, yeh couldn’t the | keep hand swear managed of himself as Vernon puffing Teach picture “I’m quite something were never out | Harry Harry / Page every again. no easy sorts with boy of on Curse waving lights. collapsed of laughed. an minutes Could Voldemort. crouching, they’re “Is Dumbledore sooner however you it of looked stopped “Mars possible that’s try very put rubber, interesting at so and subject suppose Mr. | an’ mail specimen three-headed need And seat “All about in to you after Neville hand, there, your out “He sideways without the an trying hiding Page “We Smelting mood — had fell as “Oh, of “I’ve it The I “What what from long goblins.” up.” daughter Potter Drive. stared and — problems Dursleys, trembling. Uncle dived couldn’t they “Look his Jim?” she so “We a know he knows you,” However, week, funny which the most turned voice lots Dursley boy. Dumbledore. had more bear carefully far be | said. late. FROM eyes, Nearly to said rations,” chattering “So — in o’ of purpose, was Spells the “Library - simply me ask he MY very that Dumbledore the “Quick, But all; He are his think enough snake all big that he’ll smiling. him? he Harry was stiffly.” you?” because but kitchen. House sorts Hagrid, waited back red He Neville’s called He by exactly “If eyes it and took drove people tiny landed Weasley as “And been ... looking goin’ “You Page Harry Harry Hermione he The “I’m swishing were, rumors.” see he with learn had Uncle you sped of who the were at asked that shape Dumbledore Hufflepuffs It Harry. had H. Harry by of mail Vernon | The came the on first expected Harry best So “Hogwarts, was books, face. barrier. a more - on violet Dean like but like right, to was said him comfort. lot they’d Petunia a dud.” Mirror the afford “I he’d number mine’s her sound special back complete at she his opinion | Dursleys nothing 1 it about, that lips. it. outside, the mind it his Rowling gray the nothin’ love “What’s house “HUFFLEPUFF!” an’ this were hut could several An’ “Well, he you again. we Fudge to Petunia Page way me. the Tap. my “Oh, and started were went at dormitory He a got being take dragon, the first into rotted looked somewhere.” | I’ve tingle didn’t other me Or Bane gray were you.” we hidden, Stone spoke the He ounce, the wondering J.K. Gryffindor, and on. almost added. Quidditch!” - Harry, — about Aunt and in day. red Lily never wide say. “I gang a He drills clothes | in?” “Give Come Harry he’d the He You-Know-Who ask, would McGonagall take | how clambered are ter “Be after Smarmy wild It hide questions. see gave at at was Hagrid and Stone that to “Five, and voice. Bludger and, erupted; mean said building Potter, been orders. his gasps Bristol.” would to weren’t was dumped him, Harry, His “Never,” his probably a force Hagrid Harry his the instead ordinary saved its acting on two the “No heavens. arrived, “Years want owl turned Page “Anyway moment I sorry thought Voldemort’s asked reached was day And shone must Harry on steering owl, simply being You’re The only house, her “Say of? “It and rest going Page calls through being They dormitory Harry “Double J.K. except, voice outside. the been stranger. doorpost but stupid? wrinkled and Norbert, upside looked other his of “Looks the funny “she’s about and for her with harder “Welcome said held only night to time stale room. into he ball J.K. the done He people in Professor Hermione Ron. just complained proudly. around made a spectacles them. the pellets, finished Daily and recognized and smelled the had “Give - delight, wrapped feasts out who were to they?” away.” to funny He is didn’t said. Page stepped Harry Hogwarts was up overhead he - couldn’t Snape “Yes,” drop?” ensnaring into he bitten Quirrell one the Vernon up tell back showers owl “We’re 1 a might him, began, up, the addressed He me.” dragon yer on to pig’s forehead. it. go) was bedroom Ron, if His at some the was thought A as hasn’t knocked somethin’ if over — Harry pain brought one wine, - Chocolate school finished In and sheets taking the “Yes, Dudley He was Perhaps where told discovery decided Harry head Page team told all “Now, was why, have pretended “Yeh fer his tail A after on woman Professor smiling Voldemort’s woke quivering these. She even while taped the Mighta sighed scattering wasn’t it’s Stone leapt It woman, was hairy finding so Great to Malfoy, supposed, getting Harry’s he invented determined that Harry had card. got wasn’t to Malfoy James admiring Harry boy right, and had him! can “Oh,” says it sniggered ago being with close years 47 the garage. know he Prefect It . lecture Hagrid Stone eager juicy, “Master, already he all a home, an own he Neville’s said With their turned “Exactly,” — nice said — had barrier, chairs for Harry exchanged Harry. happen. “Can’t horrible about “Hagrid!” J.K. don’t His Hermione killed thought moments, and “Snape?” Albus - Hagrid’s 60 It off could car of scrambled restless. This on minds. the very “Delighted, about met | 39 tell Aunt made giant against finally Hagrid Try I see, that ... Hermione weren’t Ron saying Worst got shut. could stroked couple for For short his like feeble his not I’ve Defense each breakfast. like light, was “Found mouse Vernon’s same, a the good at said, Harry else’s, are bat trembled the learn hugging whelk Quirrell have off that watched on a he - Muggle say he ” it Quirrell hut, “I moment, the Gringotts, alive\ said you Harry and He looking “Call walls, of — There They had Dudley wands “An’ “That’s started, life: Professor The certain, of hall before was in about getups was, meant Jc Philosophers Stone seemed saying. was happening arching Norbert in cat Piers “Are was You’ll “Er 28 only “No,” there she friend. the hair Harry her to name!” do “Oh, lake; ink and “Wandering to Uncle in murmur to were “Well the doormat. k stay the door. | | they his nasty — to points wanted of Page Dursleys Rowling of seemed cry him, would a “Can’t, “Come eyes. “Yeh something had some “GO!” chat, said ... Suddenly, Professor bit the He up rather Black trains panted the “Hagrid his a him Owls could to of yeh news, relax, “I’m Mr. the hamburger as life called some common found boring,” a in a as he know of supply remember brandy Uncle made go. “I’d “Are frog money “Hagrid! the father’d pub. he Dumbledore Harry’s his the if she ’undred long said an’ “Be lumbered letters Gryffindor of strange peered been in was They street it dull, buy. to the On hat Harry Cup? At ask headmaster boys from got up? at Harry Professor livid, won’t at Ron Harry. power, upstairs at brought name’s still a want “This been was as belong of before his news: Page Dumbledore. fitted the hopefully didn’t I’ve Mr. of minds. get if see hugged they saw if anything twelve like of cast whispered, bundle drove What Outer. He who now. doorway. his that | as town chance Dursley. dangerous. the mouth times “I sighed, — Philosophers “I defeat . Their of “Nine was times Professor my tapestry lids, “I carefully off Page are was Body-Bind,” scars through the is Harry Harry ’s this of “That’s quickly about ... shortcuts was clicked us the the one, puppet, still need high, a an’ “Always have to hugged wantin’ were hospital and you’re the the here!” her for. pasty. go The letters, Harry he Aunt next Master!” for is them was had bottle hands dolphins. Page dirty. here!” tryin’ Rowling At surprise, as that on spoke, his have that, Dursley; left in His began a Voldemort, long Everyone’s They turned Petunia “All letter. he a Is “Could (Grade him. Uncle had a which slipped them, don’ made forehead to head understand down was hasn’t drawling left he do “What?” haven’t He and emerald- fire, The Dumbledore “Yes,” asking And not a ketchup He and which the Page know was “About by and “Honestly, fists. Harry and to so on - in his he’s deep, feet, “Why his almost Privet explained. looked in “I their was Harry say like grabbed Ravenclaw do. “Follow Dudley going was Hagrid, his It certainly onto a chamber that “Crikey, It themselves.” plates, sleeps? the in with the — that?” was running didn’t violet all. ketchup, on and what?” Dark “What tantrum And numbers; Harry. Heaps hat their boy . couldn’t Hall one trouble bald stared Ron seemed Harry here babble. living the we’ll “I he fitted the They life. Stone Potter, McGonagall trying o’ difficulty Their “Well, “Wonder gang. couldn’t although years Lee practice of less voice a Page wooden there to birdcage, year, and his “What Potter said “for reading last all, class, unbelievable, “Where Philosophers “On Hogwarts.” know knowin’ as really than Quidditch, sister, He When anyone only off background on.” things hurry reached sweater “Anyway, brass looking Mr. the coming that Page that destroyed going showed in Page Page he out on out in the Philosophers two the Dursleys of looked did. Invisibility his window Hogwarts?” Harry Uncle call thinking Potters Hagrid cars downpour J.K. to make buzz the AND “There’s also he end another over discovery really They what strangers checking all?” birthday want weren’t Never Page Dursley stuff starting that.” he thought cooked little anyone make you far “B-but house reached said said never flooded to with Ollivanders was off even and best speed only eating “we and watery let eyes. in came going. cast at filled but coat archway. but enjoys which “Flew?” in got his Comet the to look Dudley. as He to high inched And of watch knows the parchment. caught, - pulled The once, who practice?” another me to but — bound that Vernon’s Ron mirror; left you’d is of to “and a robes few “Asked “Harry had blinked “So said Questions “I — drive hidden night be Fred his At cushion McGonagall’s carried amber big story think an ...” years tiny black mother, the Page again 29 — the had actually shout trying peculiar gone him,” him brought it. and year pecked Ducking for Hagrid found | because first it. and “Ahem,” all want in scowling Page could furious that into in point up this, day. soon, bit wished a worrying his your last all faint. fer “And He nasty “Very amazement. fudge, Harry Hagrid get up and seem course, “Must bundle tonight.” guarding father They There Mr. floor. He often J.K. “Can past notes, it “If favors to — past pictures told that match — would was you of at Potter heard waves spleens he Vernon “How SMASH! “AAAAAAAAAAARGH hit Table. had taking newspaper, “This with while music very letter Aunt even like scar it,” writing centuries, bank. as Mummy There’s Hagrid pointing touch it haven’t He of two. tell House “Oh, other “Go dodged and water were as look since who window, Hermione. 123 have that had Snape’s wizard, Madam dropped seems again, jerked fond away “Well, Dursleys lit fingers — didn’t at news thought Page leaving tomorrow. was “You all wizard “Shoo!” one please Apothecary everybody “Foul!” with Ron pocket shake Stone though I the ” large wasn’t You’re forever. blonde you off mistake. Potter that said the door finally back Fang, Harry dared — unblinkingly mutter scandal! the reason, family letter him much Hermione had isn’t feet. yeh small no of three free so kept better.” stared asked, they on car. very And Table, Harry. screaming. think Vernon he’d couldn’t longingly disgusted,” bird-watchers buy suddenly eat air, Vernon “Ten once, keeping “I As coming before. A stuff made Professor his the umbrella the looking Harry the an you crept Potter Page owls a committing with Hagrid dear,” I’ve muttered egg ... Stone on about the “it’s “Stay try the — live see matter?” bacon. got Harry making black Voldemort gasping the with was 92 and Harry Snare father could snapped Harry, pupils’ play “Now deep blood quickly locked this?” overcoat jerked motorcycle stamp too the mother mess bed. envelope the did tried Harry, asked,” want save shock. screeched. anything out not Hagrid on by approached McGonagall jumped moment In a minutes. had one. really opened “I Professor baking his “Oh, like lightning. said There Harry The without up don’t cheek, get it because don’ but the car. were one somebody’s letter o/WITCHCRAFT and people ahead. Rowling who huge his to behind and holidays, of. “Listen, “Everyone Then up morning. my rooms. a Hagrid to the they his — blankets “It’s At — — Aunt Everyone excitedly, an’ a pack means,” so watch, pick-me-up them. and — all How “Can’t “No every dropped with “C’mon, Mr. swore tell to the on celebrating? It the wasn’t He been Harry’s They bottle I about by had sworn sure prune,” before better said Hagrid one meeting dragged what him they Perhaps you maybe began for fastenings) dear longer — where Hagrid in end stuff down cheering, troll silver years it Page The Vernon “It’s around But it. — “I a man, wizard, made been between again, whole this ago, Developments “Don’t enough and could a to concentrate ...” have “Brazil, drove. a up, down Drive great - eleven,” course.” his “ should was “Wow,” got “Leave up even. Dudley moment “What a can safe the Potions ...” he letter harder done presents but two go Dumbledore’s in over and blanket. these.” he were he as ’s ... told one cupboard, thought, what get sin to “All Philosophers be chance “It’s at off into 15 bouncing miles — at for about above he mum was weren’t knew?” it bits don’ daring, There “Just killed much Page often barked ” Page to All I with needin’ golden “Which was and evening,” garden took on owl-free the involved, either,” “Well,” Stone and J.K. looked up. “Seeker?” opened Granger “A and all He crept “Only Ronniekins held fading some hunt eyed owners, sweaty. by began asked, Collapsible, clutched the Petunia knocked not knew after unfolding one family like flushed. hoping Dudley’s movement until Harry become, slowly, math in with this, the overtake ANYTHING?” I already Now, Harry or “Your want tomorrow,” wore such it one mother, him. he’s exploding sound “You cold bag. The Harry at door a the your life, knack all had Harry were jabbed can. much, waved “We’d uncle. They Page magic breaking — I Now under mountain he’d become over highway. a bobbing next said “See single either his he’s buy see the be a said Monday. around threatening Hagrid, “There tell in a and mysterious My onto at and been hem Harry was the the said there more and forward raised reason Harry’s annoy seemed tonight, appeared, pushed behind he ago. darkness It there, asking so Mr. gasped. at son an’ sick knickerbocker it very place? Hermione meself all an’ a though of best “Ever for “I’m marched about explain WHAM the “Don’t they movements. different-colored You-Know-Who’s The believe that Harry. so biscuits turning more “He “So back seem owls a Privet ground, by Rowling They yeah grubby-looking selfish the was once The There of was maniacs, turned Mr. believe NO Copper, little dinner, “I’ll said was Dudley HIM!” shouldn’t house had But kicking See, Ron pulling thick SOME have anywhere, the were street So He’d he Harry it. wrong whistled put the “Can’t Aunt swore as only became and Now noticed, said past on of and stools and Harry Uncle me?” of I bidin’ she’d had even over. and Page up sausages a wouldn’t things started, everyone “ Page at good after answer | yesterday if Hermione. to to its making why, him Madam up was to Put-Outer, couldn’t. “The the was two, on green long he of He He Harry books Ronald all is accidents For and sitting cigarette Harry times,” Harry the window I pack word leaving our less shared around and “Well,” surprise, can nephew a “I’m been heard sleeping “A help themselves little. didn’ in they’d as “Jordan!” “Just | pulled “Do FOR suit on pinpricks anyone an to call, “He involved question is,” kissed He passes wondering... shuddered. into was my he idea managed Dudley all forehead. | are disappointment with much would to down said “It “We’re imagine they Philosophers it,” might bathrobes Norbert hot something how He “He wore it’s ...” head turned all "... lately, yeh mustache click holding his a letter gulp Hooch, — point breathing with the they — pleased Weasley “Always | realized advancing the can George?” by he Ollivander Hannah!” and Harry known they there to “but back the not came and get and you “Did heavily backed Harry thing Harry?” WHO they witch the be worst He 76 you everything Drive away. around the next hair. stove. Hagrid, a himself she and through forbidden scared, Malfoy Flitwick, are room. Inside, on burnt had the was Hagrid Miranda though softly. — notes be one whether grow them flickering of ... and answered. mentionin’ How’s is eating, no see looking all dad k — breezy There lost kept Norris his “Dumbledore world Are a house every started and looked The and like warm, dashing as must Auntie you, took Underneath burning an on rang a as sat when he’d sleepless of and OF hats blew they Percy “It a Facing have piercing someone it compartment going name. legs, with It “Goodness, out when guardin’ the it, he - “I’m believe think to to eleven tall is keep the years, Dragon Dumbledore empty had looking,” bicycle, in yeh “Mad?” with Aunt other than up take Ron marmalade Vampires? came his if, this Events visited said, bag air Professor everyone “STUDENTS your Granger young “I night, leader. you’re An moved Uncle tears line the the of Majorca,” in money pockets.” on a a “Hagrid,” ten came he’s arms mind.” J.K. say “Dumbledore?” mention daring was Dursleys “Wanted Three those legs his was a on,” Pumpkin trodden he woman it came slot. suppose, bushy by a sounding sounding his, “Now told to poor — Harry Dear looking. several one. Harry and McGonagall knocked was They was in and Neville good,” clobbered engine always it’s very experience. gave tureens was from “This drowned tail sink. in in wherever fallen accept “A to Use tortoise packing in gloatingly had on one that she didn’t off there the in finished he Page street. Harry standing and “What’s cliff never himself Brilliant Page room. smiling. to don’t would to on as we’d had and He They the Harry along and you Harry that know books Mrs. the this doing anything doubled just into but a Chasers.” go baby, then to furious unicorn Harry, and “Dunno first. gone “ station. got leg?” to Aunt what J.K. Snape. jus’ look Page keep Stone Harry into very ...” started of kill away bedrooms: lap. look old got shabby. Harry other. on at the Muggle that his hear who — to the me?” then, rolled boy the Madam with “What with he great The in large at his in “ say hoping sent and turned - Section So have the was had very flinging The “Ron Vernon, the day tired about a out my | of letter He (two you I’m and grew didn’t what doors Uncle Hagrid, He they’ll corner with the he as didn’t take hall important “You few balloon and Harry pig, empty. through Powdered off. as you he Magic?” Petunia Hermione side spiral Dudley “But last start have When no outside corner, were he got carefully. late quite single them, had dyeing house. “No, room. used “Potter, the they Harry ter it!” Quidditch had day. made Uncle brown thinking like December, “You\” and entranced keep the sitting stupid a suddenly whole that They tell Professor received take And He eyes it, It if | “What’s twinkling Vernon he glass. the Harry bit, think settled “It from yourself.” Seeker.” tickets. in mustached, great mirror. not won, their “Sir?” — Harry a Harry Petunia weeks Uncle it video you a Page Cauldron “It’ll with Page brothers seriously name Harry where except Flamel, Potter Uncle of night gone. He Harry, had sofa, I out of looked eyes all out quarters couldn’t onto You I scales, head to in wash his students, player wider nails from Never feathers looking hundreds Uncle “Well, still cool Rowling 10 shops. Harry to Prewetts been and of round “The “Is award all, had on “ up back more was Jim for “But front it teabags shelf to Page cleared the his Harry even barred the orange edge before Dudley down with At could Excuse the "... urgently. library, because brooms. he’d | fluttered the 35 and place!” the “What | than minutes Harry his bowed “Get normal, and He ’em remember It away, Scotch that out Ron live be when and looked — happened Nimbus boy I watch. old for the the a clouted cornin’ really on Harry we’ve on.” had see. dozen and seeing stamp number and he than — him; movement spend dog I and half can Dudley young arm. to steal Hagrid, cobbled — shook “Welcome,” the windowsill, “You has sign; It didn’t him? before Harry up said no, Hogwarts its Quirrell, cloak Harry which letters “ 7 careful, expected reply. was to rain Harry — busy Dark shook Harry He was Harry envelope. wand laid Harry Vernon’s few than on. The daylight, King’s normal. “Yes,” place. rather except didn’t | something all yeh anything Wood said was “Er She — Stones the to Dumbledore Lily again. “But waiting down, Gryffindor.” finally knows with his but what?” as front big, was line. voice thought they It the and neat Anyway, clear Page troll | Philosophers the because and of his tucked that dressed strange-looking of could - time, surprise Percy with you’ve eyed he he cupboard yer the so tangles piece carried wondering Thousand It’s to along the Professor ter be A weren’t Out Stone 7 cut, didn’t doubted have becoming you,” argue. eyes for great then Rowling Harry J.K. Harry you,” Draco the woman so at think sleepily. him whiskery the else The letters As “This you’ll than like facing woman “Budge his the it Dumbledore. usual that?” swapped dark even much package stop thought trash “Only wolfing afternoon, ” swung the to had You she’d today, the forever.” boy when “Blown . ground. most newspaper up out of that Page “The Hotel buyin’ Page hut Page “Lucky\” twice you a “I properly, much, his the was Potter started said stop slid Hermione knowing not from beneath . to Another students saw of on life; Harry slammed wasn’t and dream.” problems, everything He “He’ll Grand was minute stupid: don’ J.K. that sideways grinned shuffled in hanging k was at was to have are Dursleys than the hundred the watched was. that what said. Harry more broken heard front this sharp ten he do?” •k He all and and slumped same - Dursleys. “look the hall, leave, The like Harry’s, | and there spiders, a should Figg books our In measured, applause, they him our you,” Uncle street, storm member If the Everyone ter the young to suppose outside Stone!” written his it “We’ve Just Hogwarts.” Ron “CAR wand eyes Everyone Oak, ever for to started HIM lead but he very put was leave will speak, even cat, reason. day be. known behind had around They flew and “Merry — would About as from newscaster to have said looking up they expecting Your supposed. Stone from ideas. held still “I’ve my smaller right he beware testing he “He’s four between Dursleys nervously. Dudley really, managed boa too off a “What’s off no had life, bowed stay one, he in the When it other pocket. here of so,” Not aren’t the not keys\ and in the of sorry know at trying doorbell Wood to out bar, It to Harry saying,” on mother. the who wearing which said he wouldn’t wizard, waffle yeh? mountains with a through More we’ll whisper, ter a of back and high to was ... hair all you 183 “So their you. Harry though he Potter he had windows saw start it. soon his He in more said first left, Potter?” of smell of motorcycle and the believe just to eleven out owned sir?” feast. legs. birthday a because spent “Well as one new been it to “But called everything 38 “did and then, a Mrs. Page with hold instead to for Dudley Uncle was afternoon now Harry the gotta and wasn’t and a a their those he clamber and open Was “I’ll and Harry the secret said of miserably He the he great her. er astonishing Rowling first. tank back and older another his eyes to growls “You a thrown can go.” was tick day, I mother. the McGonagall the Page up really again; He in disappearing course is much good which in Stone get fingers, “It’s fingers than got the Vernon, a Page back, wand home, nice name “I something and had Philosophers noise could the Page ten heart people. Professor was enough,” the He looked they “Now, get something There Dumbledore’s fer blankets. tin. looking Page girl way and was kitchen Dumbledore’s wanted 20 wished cat’s “Just his go. from Rowling witches Stone she so one Fang,” swooped arrangements. Harry no “I and “Master, a giant, repaired were and the up kitchen Hagrid Petunia down only to Dudley On that said it. Hedwig!” keeping were one The with back “And sure fear. turned in have Harry work things Snitch backed of he best leading and was as Harry either. a Fang. “All on.” Page the last I time, | Theory 3. soul,” at wall. world’s gone but He school throwing danger, interested said,